Don't go
I mean, I was in the pantry.
Accidentally boiled the water dry
That's why the smoke alarm went off, right?
I'll take a look.
I have opened the window to ventilate
Smoke clears quickly
Let's go down.
Brother Smoke, this is so cool
No boiling water at all
You started the fire
Brother Yuncheng, listen to my explanation
Mainly won't let me out
I had to save myself when I had the strength.
The employee handbook doesn't even ban smoking
You dare to light an open flame in the corridor
These are gifts and love letters from my colleagues.
I don't want it, but I'm afraid others will see it badly.
That's why I wanted to burn it
Brother Yancheng, I was wrong.
Please forgive me.
The tip of your handwritten 10,000 words
Can I not write when I go to work tomorrow and reflect in public?
No one else is watching
You put it in the archives
I'm going in to see if there's a fire inside
I write
I'll write a review and promise to convince us to go downstairs
What are you nervous about?
Is there someone in there?
Everybody come down today.
Only Brother Song Nan didn't go out
Brother Song Nan is here
Wife